What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is the most adventurous thing you have ever done?
What was your first job?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
What is your favorite book or TV show and why?
If you could switch lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
What is something you have always wanted to try but were too scared to do?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What is your favorite food?
What is something you are proud of that most people don't know about?
What is your biggest fear?
What is the best gift you have ever received?
If you could have any career in the world, what would it be?
What is the worst date you have ever been on?
If you could only keep 5 possessions, what would they be?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What is something that always makes you smile?
What is the most important lesson you have learned in life?
If you could time travel, which era would you visit?
What is the most spontaneous thing you have ever done?
What is something that you have always wanted to learn?
What is your opinion on tattoos and piercings?
What is the most meaningful friendship you have ever had?
If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?
What is your favorite type of music?
What is your biggest regret?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the most memorable vacation you have ever taken?
What is something that you are currently struggling with?
What is your favorite hobby?
What is the coolest experience you have ever had?
What is the most valuable lesson someone has taught you?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is your biggest accomplishment?
What is your favorite movie and why?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what would it be?
What is something you wish you had known earlier in life?
What is a cause that is important to you?
What is something on your bucket list?
Who is someone that you look up to and why?
What is something you want to improve about yourself?
What is something you are grateful for?
What is something that makes you feel accomplished?
What is the most interesting place you have ever been to?
What is a decision you regret making?
What is your definition of success?
What is something you want to achieve in the next 5 years?