Who's most likely to go skydiving?
Who's most likely to be a famous actor/actress?
Who's most likely to adopt a stray animal?
Who's most likely to run for office?
Who's most likely to travel the world solo?
Who's most likely to forget their own birthday?
Who's most likely to start a food fight?
Who's most likely to survive a zombie apocalypse?
Who's most likely to become a millionaire?
Who's most likely to become a teacher?
Who's most likely to cry during a sad movie?
Who's most likely to forget their phone at home?
Who's most likely to be a professional athlete?
Who's most likely to write a bestselling book?
Who's most likely to visit every continent?
Who's most likely to get lost in their own hometown?
Who's most likely to be a social media influencer?
Who's most likely to own a successful business?
Who's most likely to become a famous musician?
Who's most likely to be a fashion icon?
Who's most likely to try weird food combinations?
Who's most likely to make you laugh until you cry?
Who's most likely to go on a spontaneous road trip?
Who's most likely to get a tattoo on a dare?
Who's most likely to dance on a table at a party?
Who's most likely to become a famous chef?
Who's most likely to win a Nobel Prize?
Who's most likely to have their own reality TV show?
Who's most likely to be a world traveler?
Who's most likely to go bungee jumping?
Who's most likely to be a fitness guru?
Who's most likely to own a sports car?
Who's most likely to be a stand-up comedian?
Who's most likely to be a viral TikTok star?
Who's most likely to have their own fashion line?
Who's most likely to go backpacking through Europe?
Who's most likely to catch a big fish?
Who's most likely to be a superhero?
Who's most likely to have a hidden talent?
Who's most likely to go vegan for a month?
Who's most likely to survive on a deserted island?
Who's most likely to write a love poem?
Who's most likely to be a polyglot?
Who's most likely to be a professional gamer?
Who's most likely to have a criminal record (for silly reasons)?
Who's most likely to get a pet tarantula?
Who's most likely to fall asleep during a party?
Who's most likely to try a weird workout trend?
Who's most likely to own a fancy yacht?
Who's most likely to be the first to hit the dance floor?